workers: more changelog (#8934)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/changelog.md

## 2023-05-16

- The [new `connect()` method](/workers/runtime-apis/tcp-sockets/) allows you to connect to any TCP-speaking services directly from your Workers. To learn more about other protocols supported on the Workers platform, visit the [new Protocols documentation](/workers/platform/protocols/).

> - We've added new [native database integrations](/workers/learning/integrations/databases/#native-database-integrations-beta) for popular serverless database providers, including Neon, PlanetScale, and Supabase. Native integrations automatically handle the process of creating a connection string and adding it as a Secret to your Worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We have added new [native database integrations](/workers/learning/integrations/databases/#native-database-integrations-beta) for popular serverless database providers, including Neon, PlanetScale, and Supabase. Native integrations automatically handle the process of creating a connection string and adding it as a Secret to your Worker.
```
